fixes #24504 http logging (#24533)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/http-logging/index.md

## Enabling HTTP logging

HTTP Logging is enabled with <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.HttpLoggingBuilderExtensions.UseHttpLogging%2A>, which adds HTTP logging middleware.

> [!code-csharp[](samples/6.x/Program.cs?name=snippet&highlight=10)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[!code-csharp[](samples/6.x/Program.cs?name=snippet_Addservices)]
```

By default, HTTP Logging logs common properties such as path, status-code, and headers for requests and responses. Add the following line to the *appsettings.Development.json* file so the HTTP logs are displayed.
```
 "Microsoft.AspNetCore.HttpLogging.HttpLoggingMiddleware": "Information"
 ```

The output is logged as a single message at `LogLevel.Information`.

![Sample request output](_static/requestlog.png)

## HTTP Logging options

To configure the HTTP logging middleware, call <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.HttpLoggingServicesExtensions.AddHttpLogging%2A> in `Program.cs`.

> [!code-csharp[](samples/6.x/Program.cs)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[!code-csharp[](samples/6.x/Program.cs?name=snippet_Addservices)]
```

### `LoggingFields`

`HttpLoggingOptions.LoggingFields` is an enum flag that configures specific parts of the request and response to log. `LoggingFields` defaults to `RequestPropertiesAndHeaders | ResponsePropertiesAndHeaders`.

> [!code-csharp[](samples/6.x/Program.cs?name=Addservices&highlight=4)]

Reviewer: [!code-csharp[](samples/6.x/Program.cs?name=snippet_Addservices)]

> [!code-csharp[](samples/6.x/Program.cs?name=Addservices&highlight=4)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[!code-csharp[](samples/6.x/Program.cs?name=snippet_Addservices)]
```

> HTTP Logging is enabled with `UseHttpLogging`, which adds HTTP logging middleware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP Logging is enabled with <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.HttpLoggingBuilderExtensions.UseHttpLogging%2A>, which adds HTTP logging middleware.
```

[!code-csharp[](samples/6.x/Program.cs?name=snippet&highlight=10)]

> By default, HTTP Logging logs common properties such as path, status-code, and headers for requests and responses. Please add in appsettings.Development.json file below code to see the logs in putput window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, HTTP Logging logs common properties such as path, status-code, and headers for requests and responses. Add the following line to the *appsettings.Development.json* file so the HTTP logs are displayed.
```

```
 "Microsoft.AspNetCore.HttpLogging.HttpLoggingMiddleware": "Information"
 ```

The output is logged as a single message at `LogLevel.Information`.

![Sample request output](_static/requestlog.png)

## HTTP Logging options

> To configure the HTTP logging middleware, call `AddHttpLogging` in `Program.cs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the HTTP logging middleware, call <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.HttpLoggingServicesExtensions.AddHttpLogging%2A> in `Program.cs`.
```

`RequestHeaders` are a set of HTTP Request Headers that are allowed to be logged. Header values are only logged for header names that are in this collection.

[!code-csharp[](samples/6.x/Program.cs?name=Addservices&highlight=5)]

### `ResponseHeaders`

`ResponseHeaders` are a set of HTTP Response Headers that are allowed to be logged. Header values are only logged for header names that are in this collection.

> [!code-csharp[](samples/6.x/Program.cs?name=Addservices&highlight=6)]

Reviewer: The first time you show `builder.Services.AddHttpLogging`, show the entire file. The following times just the snippet you're now using.

Author: done in line number 53
